I welcome subscribers and all who
for the first time on my channel today June 1
it's been a week since we
planted tomatoes in the greenhouse it's time to
tie no garters I will
use jute rope like this
she looks her you can buy in any
the hardware store is undesirable for
garters use just such
kapron thread because by the end
of summer it breaks into small pieces
so that it was convenient to tie tomatoes
attached to a metal frame
steel wire greenhouses
in this place i made a hole and i
secured and here is
horizontal pieces of iron and here it is
that's just me
its at the end of the greenhouse it is fixed
similarly this series
I pulled for tall tomatoes
also pulled another row of wire
but for undersized bushes like you
see here these pieces of iron go obliquely
so I pass the wire through these
pieces of iron
let me show you how
tie up with an example of one bush
first you need to make a bundle
the eight that is here we are not
peretyagivaem so that the stem could freely
thicken and then do another such
the same eyelet and tighten after that
so we tie the rope
around the bush and fasten it
at the top
this bush is formed into one stem a
if the bush and are formed in two or more
stalk like for example this shrub variety
White filling
then we tie each of the shoots
after the tomatoes are tied up to you
it will be more convenient to take care of them
weeding watering pasynkovanie
about how to care for tomatoes in
continue to look at my channel
like the video
write comments
subscribe to the channel if not yet
sign up see you later